CSCB58 Project Report: Summer 2019


Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Jason
Last Name: Conte
Student Number: 1004023380
UofT E-mail Address: jason.conte@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Ya-Tzu
Last Name: Wang
Student Number: 1003111759
UofT E-mail Address: yatzu.wang@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member C (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Adil
Last Name: Shah
Student Number: 1004847151
UofT E-mail Address: adilabbas.shah@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member D (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Yifei
Last Name: Gao
Student Number: 1004108262
UofT E-mail Address: yiffy.gao@mail.utoronto.ca




Project Plan
--------


Project Title: Jumpy Hawk




Provide a one paragraph description of your project:
Block flying in air that can jump at push of a button. Gravity affects it. Must go through holes randomly placed on successive, evenly spaced walls. Score is number of holes passed through, kept track on the HEX display. Game is displayed on VGA monitor.




What is your plan for the first week?
Jason: Have a gravity effect on the block
Yatzu: FSM: Reset, Falling, Rising
Adil, Yifei: Walls moving towards left side of screen


What is your plan for the second week?
Jason, Yatzu: Have a jump action for the block
Adil, Yifei: Walls have 1 hole in them randomly placed in wallt


What is your plan for the third week?
Jason, Yatzu: Game stops when block collides with wall
Adil, Yifei: Score increases when block passes through hole




What is your backup plan if things don't work out as planned?
Block Game. Coloured block only has vertical movement. Must pass through block of same colour in 4 block wall. Can change colour by passing coloured lines






Weekly Reports
--------------
<In this space, provide a report each week of what worked and what didn't, and what (if any) changes were made to your proposal)>

Week 1:
        Our initial goals didn't account for how our modules were to be structured. Tasks were split into more logical modules and reassigned.
        This week:
        Yatzu: tested contral_brid, control_wall
        Yifei: implemented control_bird(fully tested), control_wall(fully tested), and check_touched
        Adil: datapath_wall(design complete, almost done implementation)
        Jason: draw_rect (fully tested), datapath_bird (partially designed)
        
        Next week plan:
        Yatzu: implement and test  random_gen, flappy_hawk
        Yifei: test check_touched, implement and test flappy_hawk
        Adil: implement and test datapath bird, datapath wall
        Jason: implement and test the parent data path
        
Week 2:
        Most of the goals we set out to finish were finished. Did not have enough time to fully test everything. Will go to Makerspace sessions next week to make up for this.
        This Week:
        Yatzu: Implemented and fully tested wall_height_generator (random_gen)
        Yifei: Fully tested check_touched
        Adil: Fully implemented datapath bird and datapath wall
        Jason: Implemented and partially tested datapath
        
        Next week plan:
        
        By End of Tuesday:
        Yatzu, Yifei: Add draw states to each FSM, Test Flappy_Hawk
        Adil: Test data_path_wall, data_path_bird
        Jason: Test datapath
        
        By Thursday:
        Yatzu: Get started on background graphics
        Yifei: Get started on bird graphics
        Adil: Get started on moving hole
        Jason: Fully test everything (excluding additional things)
        
Week 3:
        
        This Week:
        Yatzu: added draw, delete, update states to control_bird and control_wall, created top level module control, partially tested them
        Yifei: 
        Adil: 
        Jason:
        
        Next week plan:
        Yatzu:
        Yifei:
        Adil:
        Jason:



References
----------
<In this space clearly indicate all external sources used in this project. If you used anyone else's code (from previous B58 projects or other sources) clearly indicate what you used and where you found it. Usage of any material not credited in this space will be considered plagiarism. It is absolutely OK and expected to update this section as you progress in the projected.


Make sure to document what you added on top of the existing work, especially if you work with a previous project. What is it that YOU added?>






Repo & Video
------------
<At the end of the project, provide links to your code repository and presentation video (and passwords if not public), if you don't want us to publish this info on future course websites, just say so here>
